PAGE 1
 Campaign Website Layout
 Sections/Tabs:
 Home
 To include:
 ●  Photo
 ●  Name and short message underneath:
 a.  Jonathan Lenz for Sonoma County Board of Education, Trustee
 Area 2
 b.  Experience. Leadership. A commitment to students and schools.
 In the footer:  Paid for by Jonathan Lenz, candidate  for Sonoma County
 Board of Education, Trustee Area 2  .
 Meet Jonathan Lenz
 To include:
 ●  For more than two decades, I have had the privilege of working in public
 education and seeing firsthand the power it holds to transform lives,
 expand opportunities, and empower students to reach their full potential.
 At the same time, I have witnessed what strong educational leadership
 can accomplish for students, families, and communities.
 I have spent my career in education because I believe deeply that every
 student, regardless of background, circumstance, or zip code, should
 receive an education that is challenging, empowering, and aligned with
 future college and/or career interests. I have worked tirelessly throughout
 my career to create conditions that support this belief.
 However, my connection to education is not only professional; it is deeply
 personal. I am the proud parent of two recent graduates from Sonoma
 County schools, and I currently have two younger children making their
 way towards graduation. As a parent, I have directly experienced the
 profound impact schools and programming can have on students and
 families.
PAGE 2
 I have also had the privilege of serving on a local school district Board of
 Education. My unique profile gives me valuable experience from all sides
 of the table, as a parent, an education professional, and an elected board
 member. These perspectives have given me a deep understanding of the
 opportunities and challenges for students, families, educators, and school
 communities.
 I am running for Sonoma County Board of Education, Trustee Area 2, to
 bring experience, thoughtful leadership, and a constant student-centered
 perspective to the Board.
 Experience at Every Level
 To Include  :
 School Psychologist
 Worked directly with students, families, and educators to assess and support
 students with a wide range of academic, behavioral, and social-emotional needs.
 Director of Alternative Education
 Led countywide programming serving students and families who needed different
 pathways from what was traditionally available at the local school district to succeed.
 Director of Special Education
 Led countywide PK-12+ special education programming serving students with
 moderate to severe educational needs on behalf of school districts as an essential
 element of the special education continuum.
 Special Education Local Plan (SELPA) Director
 Led the development and implementation of the local plan for the delivery of
 special education programming and governance across all school districts in the county.
 School Board Member
 Served on a local school board for four years, gaining firsthand educational
 experience in elected school governance and decision making.
 Parent
 My wife and I have raised our four children in Petaluma, two of whom are now
 graduates, and two of whom are still attending local public schools. As a parent, I have
PAGE 3
 seen how policy and program decisions affect students, families, and their school
 experience.
 Deputy Superintendent
 Currently, I provide leadership, coordination, and strategic support to advance
 countywide educational initiatives and also work directly with County Board of Education
 members regarding governance, appellate reviews, and educational advocacy.
 Why I am Running
 To include:
 As a lifelong educator and parent of two current students in Trustee Area 2, I am
 deeply committed and invested in public education. I understand the essential
 functions of the Sonoma County Board of Education and the vital role the County
 Office of Education plays in serving students, families, and school districts
 throughout Sonoma County. I want to actively promote, enhance, and contribute
 to the work of the Sonoma County Board of Education and elevate and advance
 educational initiatives in partnership with the Sonoma County Office of
 Education.
 For the past 23 years I have worked in a County Office of Education in a variety
 of roles. Through every role, one principle has guided me; always putting
 students first and keeping what is best for kids at the center of every decision.
 In my current role as a Deputy Superintendent in a County Office of Education, I
 work directly with County Board of Education members and directly support their
 governance. Having previously served on a local school district Board of
 Education, I understand educational governance at both the county and district
 level, and the importance of respecting local control.
 If elected, I will bring practical experience and sound judgement to governance. I
 will listen carefully and ensure decisions are grounded in what is best for
 students, while working to ensure the County Office of Education programs and
 services are responsive to the needs of students and families throughout
 Sonoma County.
 Role of the County Board of Education
 To include:
PAGE 4
 A Different Role Than a Local School Board
 A local school board completely governs a school district. It hires and evaluates
 the Superintendent, sets the budget, and makes decisions about the schools and
 programs serving students within the district.
 A County Board of Education has a different, more limited role. It does not
 directly govern local school districts or the County Office of Education. Instead,
 its specific responsibilities are defined by state law.
 Areas of Authority
 Appeals
 Rules on appeals brought before them involving interdistrict transfers, student
 expulsions, and charter schools.
 Budget
 Approves the County Superintendent of Schools’ annual budget for the County
 Office of Education.
 Alternative Education
 Governs the Alternative Education program operated by the County Office of
 Education including approval of the program’s Local Control Accountability Plan.
 County Superintendent of Schools Salary
 Sets the salary for the position of County Superintendent of Schools.
 Beyond its defined statutory areas of authority, the County Board should work
 collaboratively with the County Superintendent of Schools to support and
 advance the work of the County Office of Education’s mission, services,
 initiatives, and impact for the students, families, and school districts within the
 County.
 Ready to Serve
 My 23 years experience in county education and service as an elected school
 board member, combined with my perspective as a parent have prepared me to
 serve thoughtfully and effectively on the Sonoma County Board of Education. I
 have a proven track record of responsible governance, transparent
 decision-making, and effective collaboration. I will put that experience,
 commitment, and collaborative approach to work in support of the students and
 families of Sonoma County.
PAGE 5
 Endorsements
 To include:
 I am honored to have the support of educators, parents, community leaders, and
 neighbors who share a commitment to putting students first.
 Together, we believe in thoughtful, student-centered leadership, strong public
 schools, and a County Board of Education that works collaboratively with the
 County Superintendent of Schools, local school districts, families, and community
 partners to
 Endorsed By  :
 [Name]
 [Title or Affiliation]
 [Name]
 [Title or Affiliation]
 [Name]
 [Title or Affiliation
 Titles and organizational affiliations are provided for identification purposes only
 Need an endorse me button…
 ”Add your name to endorse my campaign for Sonoma County Board of
 Education Trustee Area 2:”
 After submission: Thank you. Your endorsement means a great deal to me. I am
 grateful to have your support in my campaign. Together, we can help ensure every
 decision keeps what is best for students at the center of every decision.
 Donations
 To include:
 No Campaign Donations Requested
PAGE 6
 This campaign is not accepting donations. If you would like to make a difference,
 please consider donating directly to a local public school, classroom, or education
 focused nonprofit of your choice.
 Your generous contribution will help to support students and educators in your
 community.
 Contact
 To Include:
 Let’s Connect
 I value hearing from students, families, educators,  and community members
 across Sonoma County. Please share your ideas, questions, and concerns.  I would be
 honored to connect with you.
 Campaign Email
 lenzforscboe@gmail.com
 This is a campaign website and is not affiliated  with the Sonoma County Office of
 Education or Sonoma County Board of Education  .
PAGE 7
